Review of Account for superspreading and Simulate transmission chains episodes (#260)
epiverse-trace/tutorials-middle: episodes/superspreading-estimate.Rmd

### Individual-level variation in transmission

> The individual-level variation in transmission is defined by the relationship between the mean ($R_{0}$), dispersion ($k$), which defines the variance of a negative binomial distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The individual-level variation in transmission is defined by the relationship between the mean ($R_{0}$) and dispersion ($k$), which together define the variance of a negative binomial distribution.
```
